= tinnef

This gem handles e-mail attachments packaged in the Microsoft "application/ms-tnef" MIME type. 
It's a Ruby wrapper for the 'tnef' tool from http://tnef.sourceforge.net/


== Requirements

=== Ruby

Ruby 1.8.6 or 1.8.7 is required. It's not tested with 1.9.

=== tnef

The binary of tnef in a recent version is required, 1.4.6 is ok. Check if this tool already exists on your machine:

    tnef --version
    
Doesn't exist? You can install it:

==== Mac OS X

Using MacPorts, just do 

    sudo ports install tnef
    
==== Linux

There are chances that this will work:

    apt-get install tnef
    
Beware: On older Linux distro, you will get a too old version of tnef, which does not work (e.g. 1.4.3 in Ubuntu hardy), so have to compile it by yourself.

  wget http://sourceforge.net/projects/tnef/files/tnef/v1.4.7/tnef-1.4.7.tar.gz/download
  tar -xzvf tnef-1.4.7.tar.gz
  cd tnef-1.4.7
  ./configure
  make
  make check
  make install

==== Windows

What? I don't think this gem will work on Windows.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

This code is based on the work by Peter Collingbourne, published as part of the project "whatdotheyknow":
http://github.com/mysociety/whatdotheyknow/blob/master/lib/tnef.rb
Thank you for sharing!

Copyright (c) 2010 Georg Ledermann. See LICENSE for details.
